Disable OCS for the Add payment method page (#5082)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

= 10.5.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =

> * Update - Disable the Optimized Checkout Suite in "Add Payment Method" page

Reviewer: Nit: The scope is slightly larger than the original changelog. We are now disabling Optimized Checkout Suite on the Pay for Order, Add Payment Method, and Change Subscription Payment Method screens.
```suggestion
* Update - Disable the Optimized Checkout Suite in the "Add Payment Method", "Pay for Order", and "Change Subscription Payment Method" screens
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe/pull/5082/commits/80372cd772cbdfc3496e8082ac7a1353d329543c

> * Update - Disabling the Optimized Checkout Suite in "Add Payment Method" page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Update - Disable the Optimized Checkout Suite in "Add Payment Method" page
```
